Update docs for code coverage highlight (#2104)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/_articles/en/apex/testing.md

### Run Tests

- Run a test for a single method: Hover over the name of a test method and click the play icon (hover text: Run Single Test).
- Run tests for all the methods in a class: Hover over the name of a test class and click the play icon (hover text: Run Tests).
- Run all tests: Hover over the Apex Tests view and click the play icon ({% octicon play %}).

After you run Apex tests, `SFDX: Re-Run Last Invoked Apex Test Class` and `SFDX: Re-Run Last Invoked Apex Test Method` commands are available in the Command Palette.

### View Test Results

- For passing tests, the blue icons next to the classes and methods change to green icons.

> - For failing test, the icons turn red.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For failing tests, the icons turn red.
```

You can run Apex tests from the class file open in the editor window. Click **Run Test** above the definition of an Apex test method or **Run All Tests** above the definition of an Apex test class. You can view the test results in the Output panel and the Failures section of the output lists stack traces for failed tests. To navigate to the line of code that caused a failure, press Ctrl (Windows or Linux) or Cmd (macOS) and click that stack trace.

![Running Apex tests using the Run Test and Run All Tests code lenses](./images/apex_test_run.gif)

### Highlight Apex Test Code Coverage

You can retrieve code coverage results for your Apex Classes and Apex Triggers every time you run one or more tests. To do this, first [edit your workspace settings](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings) by setting `salesforcedx-vscode-core.retrieve-test-code-coverage` to **true** and then run your Apex tests. Now you'll be able to see the code coverage in the Output tab. It shows the coverage percentage per Apex Class and Apex Trigger and lines that were not covered by the test run results.

![Apex test results with code coverage](./images/code_coverage_output.png)

> To visually see your test's coverage, click the three line icon next to your org's alias in VSCode's footer and open the Apex Class or Apex Trigger being tested. To disable code coverage highlight click the three line icon again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To visually see your test's coverage, click the three lined icon next to your org's alias in VSCode's footer and open the Apex Class or Apex Trigger being tested. To disable code coverage highlighting, click the three lined icon again.
```
